and besides the Algerians for those who do not feel involved in the
kent around this region of the castelet the curious a visit there
many made talk raw made them very very pleasure
zizou zinedine zidane whose see in this photo in the middle and come for
well stands this team from Algeria to the team of his country is original
talk to them a little bit and it seems like a big moment
for them this team from Algeria bank internship in France then good rampart of
Algeria, of course, because they are interns in France also because the
how they qualified 7 is such that I want it's unbelievable
stride and certainly from that support match that took place in sudan to
khartoum and where really in summer beyond what was standing will tell
in football passion went for the guard far in this madness and
our special envoy on the spot at the time of this match so particular this
been in November zine dine boudaoud was right in the heart of
this madness
the images are misleading
Algeria did not win the World Cup but it holds its qualification
glory day for the fennecs back from sudan
ovationate by a whole people
euro side received by the president boutéflika the fondue who had the
Bible
remember these pictures
last November 14th
but at las vegas but you had to be tough to get out of the trap.
Egyptian
often
during the support match
a single goal was enough for the fennecs to beat the pharaohs
he was going to get there
that collides me
the browser
kaieda in the query
yes but what purpose
to get to that point algeria used the big means forty-eight
requisitioned ticket prices divided by 3 20000 supporters
have come from Algeria but also from Europe and America
not really but then really real casar and plaza alger with the palm
in the streets of khartoum
Algerians are everywhere
their government until he is no stranger
in favor of Embassy reports distribute free tickets for the
match
yesterday this time in vain the fennecs are not just here
match time is approaching the tension
goes up a notch around the merreikh stadium but nothing serious
the Sudanese put the package
to avoid overflow
more than fifteen thousand men are mobilized the Egyptian fans
arrived first at the stadium at no time did they cross women's
the Algeria
finally
myself I'm not afraid of Algerian fans
we are more numerous than them but we will win
during that time
at the shelter in his hotel
the Algerian selection
the rare images at 5 o'clock of the kickoff here we are with yazid mansouri
and his teammates
the players are relaxed
he is focused as sure of their strength
the time of revenge
will he ring
it happened there we must turn the page
for this way
a headbutt
it can be used for corruption against him
but hey I do not think so soon
in its workforce
it's important to stay focused to the consumer only support the
we are in the process of holding it
poker even want him
we will take our revenge
but above all the goal of qualifying
the match is launched in the stands algerian 2010
on the grass
it's a challenge
chaouchi the young goalkeeper saves his camp several times
I bought the Algerian goal the basement here
after his victory on the screen
this time Algeria has not cracked
that evening the jubilation almost took away grrrrrr stop at the station
I swear rrrr rrrrrr
to go
nothing to do in the locker room the players are free of happiness
did he recognize in their second and in the legend next summer there he
makes in south africa
Egyptians and Algerians
and then we played backwards she tells the host julien loubet ag2r a
kept the fennecs back to their hotel under
the writer of their supporters
ben at the hotel bollaert sounds will bring a complaint for night fuss like the
night from for phoenix
teheran 11 am the subject of a reanalysis prev asked the question but
the report at the farm period
things clear with biovein
the national informal she intervened in computers hewlett-packard ibm
the job did not give him their approval
no this trophy is fake
but joy wanted to be well represented in the world
are real
still at his third world cup and who fell in group c to
you for can so I'm going of course but also england the united states
slovenia and knowledge
and in the case of the nonsense that gets ready in the coliseum for the
quality for them this world cup that is expected at their hotel from
find some of our questions but this team from Algeria was a
pretty incredible moment not very used to following the sport but there
you have something that she beyond sport by following this team
Algerian especially for the Sudan
william
it's pretty phenomenal know it was off
revenge feeling that algeria absolutely wanted to take on Egypt
Following the game auxerre enameled incidents in the
I submit these terrible images of the bus of the players caillassé
he had injured players the same who entered the arena
there fear in the stomach and suddenly the lison
even probably a lost in any case at first their chances
who lost their way to the 2 to 0 so it took
a third pool match against Egypt in a support match
takes place in Khartoum in an extraordinary atmosphere and Algerians have
managed to win 1-of-0 thanks to antar yahia the defender of
bourg com who was named best this week the best Arab player
of the year speak the Middle Eastern television channel
plebiscite then you may see next to me
there is a vacancy we were waiting for the captain of the selection
asia mansouri see even carine jaggi but unfortunately they are still
on the path between
of them are very good links between them
they are arriving at the end of many
myself in the hallway right in the hallway and lionel so we attack the
recover to listen to go get them not thinking stuffed to
Argentina to see other results regard him
for the ranking autos will find in a few hours we remain three
case more emissions